Null safety migration update (#2993)
dart-lang/site-www: src/null-safety/migration-guide.md

{{ site.alert.info }}
  **Migrating an app is technically the same as migrating a package.**
  Before migrating an app,

>   consider using a stable release of null safety. 

Reviewer: Technically null safety _is_ stable, so I do want to mention the SDK:

```suggestion
  consider waiting for a stable release of the Dart SDK that
  contains null safety. 
```
